Known issues:

(General)
New game crashes (If you want to use a new character > Create new character before applying Mod)
Anarchy loss of stacks on down sometimes doesnt work correctly (A little strong, just often enough but not too consistently)
Discord Icon displays when it shouldnt sometimes post respec (effect is deactivated till skill is re obtained making it functional, just a visual issue).  Methods used to fix this so far have made coop allways crash and are undone. 
FFYL time not applying I think (Defib skill)
Death from above maybe scaled too high in normal
General scaling might need tweaking for earlier playthroughs
With Claws and Authentic Anarchy currently much weaker then one would think due to how they scale damage
Focused Flow might be alot more penalising then expected for anarchy users (Needs testing)
Interspersed outburst actualy is cooking up trouble now and is supposed to be a 1 point skill so both CookingUpTrouble and InterspersedOutburst need heavy class mod fixing.
This mods reworked discord doesnt fix the way anarchy makes hyperion recoil and camera shake unbearable (In fact makes it worse). Top priority change.
Electrical burn TrackedHudSlot misplaced

(Coop)
Death from above cooldown linked between players (As in Another player triggering the skill resets the cooldown for the other making it incredibly abuseable)
Blood soaked shields shared health regen penalty shared
Player joining with mod crashes game (join eachother in lobby and both execute the mod on the main menu before you continue)
All new skills can not be obtained as a client in coop (Including Dastardly Defib, Teamwork is Dreamwork, Critical Control, Focused Flow, Red light runner, Shattered, Authentic Anarchist)


To do (other then bug fixing):

Scaling adjustments
Implement different scaling for different playthroughs (normal, TVHM, UVHM) For better balance. 
Fully implement Authentic Anarchist and Teamwork is Dreamwork skills (Functional but not final)
Class mods (Currently NUMBER 1 for next major update) 
Maybe maybe a tiny adjustment for anarchy stack loss to be a little slower however it is supposed to be heavily punishing (why bug is annoying)
Change the way anarchy effect accuracy and mostly hyperion because omg the hyperion screen spasming I just dont like and I need to figure out


Ideas/Maybes (basically early W.I.P or need FEEDBACK):

Massive rework: Class mod overhall/rebalancing for new trees(100% happening)
Medium rework: Apply a temporary effect to more pep when status effects are applied or maybe just when electrocute is applied.
Medium rework: Apply a temporary effect to ElectricBurn when it is triggered instead of just attatching a Status Damage bonus.
Medium rework(VeryUnsureOn): Give cooking up trouble smaller values but a stacking bonus
Large rework: Implement supercharge (Mechanic currently in concept, A shock variation of kreigs self inflicted fire with multiple unique skills and effects planned (will not play simularly to kreig)).
Large rework: Teamwork is Dreamwork, Allow deathtrap to spawn healing orbs(100% planned). Maybe add a player effect on crit kill(Unsure). Keep bullet heal(I like the idea of manually being capable of healing DT and it scaling with damage too).
Small rework: Add ShortCircuit/ShockStorm trigger for player melee kills.
Small rework: Might switch potent as a pony DT melee bonus for Movement speed for the two of you.
Small rework: Adding an activation condition of deathtrap needing to be up for ElectricalOverload (rename: ElectricalOverlord)
Scrapped for meantime/indefinitely: Skill that scales DeathTraps melee damage off of his movement speed increases.
Concept: Potential implementation of a Movement speed scaling skill
Concept: Potential implementation of a Magazine size scaling skill (either that or some additional reload speed bonuses around)
Concept: The better half is up for a looking still, originally wanted it to have health regen on the upper half like a yin and yang effect with a skill rename.
Concept: The originally CookingUpTrouble is up for a reimplimentation as a altered/different skill still (2 scrapped concepts)
Small things: More Flavour texting



